						Frontend Part
About Frontend Framework 
	To make it easy to build applications with the web, we use advanced frontend framework Angular6 which is an open source framework maintained by Google. It is based on the Model View Controller (MVC) Architecture which ordinarily utilized for planning rich web applications. Angular6 combines declarative templates, dependency injection, end to end tooling, and integrated best practices to solve development challenges. It helps developers to build cross platform applications that live on the web, mobile, and desktop across Mac, Windows, and Linux.
	Angular6 makes our web pages extremely high performance. It turns templates into code that's highly optimized for today's JavaScript virtual machines, giving us all the benefits of hand-written code with the productivity of a framework. And Angular apps load quickly with the new Component Router, which delivers automatic code-splitting so users only load code required to render the view they request.
	Thanks to Angular popular, many well-know code editing products support Angular, like Visual Studio Code, Sublime text and WebStorm. We choose WebStorm as our IDE to makes code easily and spend less time. 
	When setting up our development environment, Angular CLI plays an important role. Angular CLI is a command line tool which makes build, add components and test faster. It has become one of the most essential tools for Angular.
	We use Angular6 modularity system and component system to work together more easily and efficiently. The modularity system differentiate and combine the same and different functions and the component system can use less codes to do a good job. Benefiting from Angular6’s performance and rendering mechanism which are better than most current mainstream framework,  including Vue and React, our web pages has faster response and more comfortable experience. With Karma for unit tests, our codes become stronger.
	One of important reasons we choose Angular6 is the issue of network security. Angular6 has built-in protections against common web-application vulnerabilities and attacks such as cross-site scripting attacks. To systematically block XSS bugs, Angular treats all values as untrusted by default. When a value is inserted into the DOM from a template, via property, attribute, style, class binding, or interpolation, Angular sanitizes and escapes untrusted values.

About UI
	In order to match our frontend framework perfectly, we choose Ng-zorro, which is written in TypeScript with complete defined types as our UI framework. The high-quality components and style of Ng-zorro help us complete our design quickly and provides better experience. 
	As a design system for enterprise-class products, Ng-zorro reduces the cost of redundant production through modular solutions based on deterministic and natural design values. With its simple and efficient design concept, NG-zorro allows designers to focus on better User      experience.
	Unlike Bootstrap’s 12 grid system, Ng-zorro use 24 grids system, so our web page has more detailed detail processing. Referring to Bootstrap responsive design, Ng-zorro has richer responsive choices to adapt to screens of different sizes. 

About Editor
	Drag and drop function Plugin Sortable is applied to Editor. Sortable is a minimalistic instrument for sorting elements within a list or between lists. Its library doesn’t depend on jQuery or other libraries; it uses native HTML5 Drag and Drop API, and works on both desktop and touch devices. It  works on both desktop and touch devices well. It has a simple API, can be easily integrated with any project and represents an excellent replacement.


